1. Write a Java program that will take a String as input and convert the lowercase letters to the  uppercase letters. The program should keep the other characters (i.e. uppercase letters and          symbols) unchanged. [You are not allowed to use .toUpperCase( ) to solve the problem]

Sample Input
Output
JavaProgrammer123++
JAVAPROGRAMMER123++
I am a hungry coder!
I AM A HUNGRY CODER!



2. Write a Java program to check if a string is palindrome or not. A string is palindrome if the reverse of the string is the same as the original string. [You cannot use any built-in functions other than .equals( ), .charAt( ), .length( )]

Given String
Output
madam
true
racecar
true
Abracadabra
false



3. Write a Java program that splits a given string on a given split character. The first input is a String and the second input is the character that will be used to split the first String.

Sample Input
Sample Output
I-love-Java
-
I
love
Java
tom@gmail,harry@yahoo,bob@gmail
,
tom@gmail
harry@yahoo
bob@gmail

Explanation: The second input which is the character ',' is used to split the first input string 'tom@gmail,harry@yahoo, bol@gmail,mary@gmail' into four separate email addresses.



4. Write a JAVA program that will take one string input from the user. Then prints the string in reverse.

Sample Input
Output
ABCD
DCBA
Hello!
!olleH




5. Captain Jack and his crew have discovered a treasure chest full of gold coins. However, the 
    chest comes with a mysterious lock. To open it, they need to input a phrase that should contain 
    a combination of characters where vowel count is divisible by 3 and consonant count is 
    divisible by 5. Write a Java program to help Captain Jack determine if the input phrase has 
    the correct number of vowels and consonants to unlock the treasure chest.
    Note: Vowels and Consonants count has to be greater than 0 for the treasure to open

Sample Input
Output
Yo-hoo-hoo!
Blimey! No Plunder!!

Explanation: The input string has five vowels ‘o, o, o, o, o’ which is not divisible by 3 and the same applies for consonant rules as well where count of consonants is not divisible by 5. Hence the chest cannot be opened.
Yo-ho-Ya-ho-hoo!
Aaarr! Me Plunder!!

Explanation: The input string has six vowel count which is divisible by 3 and the same applies for consonant rules as well where count of consonants is divisible by 5. Hence the chest can be opened.
aoouii-uii
Blimey! No Plunder!!

Explanation: Here the vowel count is divisible by 3, but the consonant count being 0 resulted in the chest not being opened.



6. Write a Java program that takes a string as input and reverses the order of words in it.

Sample Input
Output
CSE110 is easy
easy is CSE110
Attention please!
please! Attention




7. Write a Java program that takes two strings (lowercase) as user input. Your task is to concat 
    the two strings except the common characters present in the strings. Then print the modified  
    string (uppercase). You can assume that each string will only contain unique characters; that 
    means there will be no duplicate characters in a particular string.

Sample Input
Output
abcd
bdgc 
AG
arose
rail
OSEIL


8. Write a Java program that takes a sentence as user input and displays the sentence in 
    aLtErNaTiNg CaPs format. Note that, you have to ignore spaces and other punctuations while  
    altering the characters. Also, your new sentence will always start with lowercase letters. 

Sample Input
Output
Hello World!
hElLo WoRlD!
I love Java String Problems. Those are easy.
i LoVe JaVa StRiNg PrObLeMs. ThOsE aRe EaSy.


9. Write a Java program that takes a string as input and determines whether the string qualifies as  a strong password. A strong password is defined by the following criteria:

The password must be at least 8 characters long.
The password must contain characters at least one - 
Uppercase letters (A-Z)
Lowercase letters (a-z)
Digits (0-9 n)
Special characters (e.g., !, @, #, $, etc.)
   Print ‘True’ if the password is strong, and ‘False’ otherwise. You may consider any character 
   excluding the alphabet, digit, and space as special characters.

Sample Input
Output
StrongPass123!
True
Weak123
False


